# CartAccountingSystem

CartAccountingSystem is a program for managing several NFC readers and a server that manages a database over WIFI.

## Installation

There is currently no method for installing the CartAccountingSystem. Please contact author for code files.

EDIT: You can now go to https://github.com/TangentLime/CartAccountingSystem.git and request from there.

## Setup

### Step 1:
Go to your command line and type
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Step 2:
Enter all relevant information into config.h and serverSystem.py

### Step 3:
Drop a shortcut to start_server.bat into:
```
%APPDATA%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\Startup
```
This will launch the server when you login to your Windows account.

## Enrolling Tags
To enroll a tag, use the ESP32's Serial monitor to read the cart's tag once. The monitor will print something in the form of:
```
Tag detected: UID=04A1B2C3D4E5F6
```
Take this UID and paste it into ENROLLMENTS in enroll.py in the following form:
```python
ENROLLMENTS = [
    (0, "04A1B2C3D4E5F6") # Example if Tag above corresponds to ID 0
]
```
When all tags have been entered into enroll.py, run the file.

## HTTPS Functionality
Use generate_cert.example to make a python file that generates cert.pem and key.pem and add them to the config.h file to set up cert HTTPS.

## Dependencies
### Server
All dependencies not packaged with python are installed using requirements.txt and listed in that file.
### Client
The two dependencies required that are not native to Arduino are:
```
adafruit/Adafruit PN532@^1.3.3
bblanchon/ArduinoJson@^7.0.4
```
As described in platformio.ini.
## Warnings
The cert generated by generate_cert.py will last for 10 years, then another will have to be generated.</br></br>
This is **NOT** data secure. There is no HTTPS or encryption on the data being sent, therefore **ALL** data sent with this code will be readable by anyone on the network. This is only intended to be used with non-sensitive data for piloting purposes. Any transmission of personal or sensitive data using this system is a data security issue. Use at your own risk.

## Authors & Acknowledgement
### Author: Brian Cook
Email: </br>
cookb14@gene.com (Until August 2026)</br>
briancoeng@gmail.com (Permanent, External)</br></br>
Github:</br>
https://github.com/TangentLime

## License
I made this, but Genentech owns it, so don't use it commercially without their consent. I don't want to make a LICENSE file, so whatever the license is that fits that is the one.